yes I'm going to make a video for you on
the rock band CSO it's the rock band
unplugged for the PlayStation Portable
long and you have a link for this and
also give you a slight demo on the game
and what you need to do in order to play
it and how to install it on a PSP
running on custom firmware so here we go
with rock band unplugged CSO for the
PlayStation Portable as a hairy are at
the PSP here and I'm simply just going
to show my firmware for you guys where
is 5.50 gen d2 that's my firmware so I'm
going to ask Ben zip pleasse I'm going
to do now is connect the USB cable to my
PSP and then come to the computer ok so
the file I'm going to have you
downloaded right here it's the rock band
unplugged CSL it's approximately 947
megabytes and there's going to start
here my computer and open up the
removable drive for the PSP and if you
haven't already create a folder in your
memory stick group called ISO all in
capital letters and open that up simply
now just take the rock band on plug CSO
file and drag and drop that into the iso
folder of your PSP memory stick and now
simply just wait for that to copy over
ok so now that that's done copy over you
will see the rock band unplugged CSL
file 940 7.7 are zero 76 kb is in the
iso folder for PSP so we can exit there
and exit where i have that downloaded
and come back to the PSP alright so back
in the PSP we're going to exit USB mode
and simply i'm just going to hit the
select button here and make sure that
your UMD is own mode is in m33 driver
and hit X on it when you have that an
empty with you drive and then just hit
select to exit the menu or else you you
iso or CSO file will not work and then
scroll over to the game memory stick and
you will see your rock band unplugged
chillin there nicely
and yeah so start the game
there you go and now i'm just going to
show you some of the controls and slide
them on the game to show that it works
well I'm just going to mute this just
because I don't want an addy coming up
next to this video but it's pretty
simple left is red up is yellow triangle
is green and circle is yellow or circle
is blue my bad so left red up is yellow
triangle is green and circle is blue and
then to go to the next instrument you
use the R&L buttons to scroll which ever
way you need to
and X is your rock power so yeah that's
pretty much it so that's how you get
rock band unplugged CSO on your PSP
running on custom firmware so if you
choose to get this game I hope you enjoy
the game and it's quite fun I guess if
you are a rock band or guitar hero fan I
mean like fuck that game band hero that
came out that's just fucking stupid but
um anyways yeah so I hope you enjoyed
the game you got any questions just
leave me a comment or send me a message
if you want to stay up to date with my
channel just subscribe not that hard
just hit the subscribe button dink and
then um yeah and if you have any
recommendations for any other videos PSB
related things or anything else as a
matter of fact that has to do with
technology give me a holler on my
channel just post a comment on my
channel and I'll get back to you on that
as soon as I can so take it easy guys
and I'll see you guys soon